Why are you here?
Are you here to watch my humiliation?
How dare you be disrespectful to Consort Rong!
Minister, you go outside and wait.
I need to speak with the consort alone.
It's all your fault.
It must be you, this enchanting consort, who stirred things up.
Otherwise, the Emperor wouldn't be so harsh with me.
I’m inciting discord?
Hmph.
When you were crying and insisting on seeing the Emperor last night,
the Emperor was actually in my Changchun Palace.
If you hadn’t been confined to your palace,
you would have been given the “childbearing soup” by now.
If he argues with you,
don’t worry, he won’t be able to bear it for long.
Once he is favored by the Emperor,
I will prepare the “childbearing soup” for him.
If he becomes pregnant with the dragon’s seed,
not only will he be pregnant,
but he will also bleed excessively and die.
If he doesn’t become pregnant with the dragon’s seed,
he will lose his fertility forever.
How would you know?
How would I know?
Because I am a witch.
I am here today by the Empress Dowager’s order.
But don’t worry, I won’t touch you.
Wushan isn’t bad.
In the last life, the Emperor was deceived by you.
Fortunately, nothing happened that night.
Otherwise, I would have died at your hands.
Even so,
I was still harmed by you,
unable to have children again.
What are you talking about?
What previous life?
In this life and the previous one,
you want to kill me.
How can I spare you?
You’re insane.
Your Majesty, Your Majesty, save me!